update newsletter link (#64)
isovalent/eCHO: README.md

Previous episodes are all [here on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLDg_GiBbAx-mY3VFLPbLHcxo6wUjejAOC).

> Sign up for the eCHO Newsletter [here](https://cilium.io/newsletter/)

Reviewer: nit: I'd probably provide a bit more context, like:

```
We also provide **[eCHO news](https://cilium.io/newsletter/)** as a bi-weekly community wrap up of all things happening in eBPF and Cilium.
```

> Sign up for the eCHO Newsletter [here](https://cilium.io/newsletter/)

Author: ```suggestion
We also provide **[eCHO news](https://cilium.io/newsletter/)** as a bi-weekly community wrap up of all things happening in eBPF and Cilium. Sign up today!```
